- Friendly friendly.
- Friendly.
This is you, yeah? Ali Abdul?
Yeah, yeah.
This is you.
This is you. No
more war for you.
Alright. Got my
jackpot, brother.
Zero
alpha this is one-three.
Who the fuck is this
person? Who is this person?
Where's this fucking person?
Where is this man?
Get down. Get down.
Hey. Son, son, son, son.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
You silly fucker, you've
gone and got yourself shot.
You're alright. You're alright.
Might need a medic. Logan's hit.
You're alright, mate.
Look at me, look at me.
You're alright, they're coming,
they're coming. Look at me.
You're 'right, you're 'right.
You're not gunna die here son.
Dad.
OK.
Take it.
And take the shot.
I don't want to.
Come here.
Here. Sit there.
Oi, hold this.
OK. Flat to the stone.
And you're gonna pull it back.
Come here. Try again.
Put the pressure on.
Just guide it.
There you are. OK.
Ow.
All good.
It's OK.
Don't want to lose any of
the golden blood, yeah?
Dad!
You want to steer
us out of here?
Ready?
Oh!
You have a good time today?
- The best.
- Yeah?
Ouch.
Hmm.
Did you eat some fish?
No. Deer.
So good.
What happened to his finger?
What was that?
Oh, it's just a nick.
He'll be fine.
Hey.
How are you feeling?
- Fat.
- Yeah?
Mm-hm.
Want me to sand
it a little back?
How are you doing in there?
Doing OK? She's not moving.
She's asleep.
OK.
That's a wonderful thought.
Sleep inside of you.
How's it coming along?
Yeah, it's good. Be finished
by the time she's 16.
Hey.
Gotta go to bed.
Did you have a good
time with me camping?
Yeah.
Yeah, I did too.
What is it?
Will I be brave
like you one day?
Like me?
There's many ways to be brave.
Like…
like remember when I told you
to shoot the deer, you said no?
And when you said that,
you were kind of scared that
you were gonna disappoint me.
But you said it anyway.
That's being brave.
Get some sleep.
Ah, get in.
Tuck you in like a burrito!
Ouch.
It's hot.
I heated it up a bit.
Are you
trying to cook me?
- Like this?
- Yeah.
And what is this
meant to do again?
Um…
supposed to prevent
stretch marks.
Yeah, not working.
Fuck you.
OK here.
Shh.
Is it time to get up?
Sh…sh…
Mummy's asleep.
OK. Come here. Come here.
Yeah. Cool. OK.
Don't look. What's
in your sandwich?
Jam?
- Chicken?
- Yes!
Remember what to do?
Got to do it nice and
gentle. Nice and gentle.
Squeeze it tight. Tight.
There you go! That's the one.
- Kelly?
- Nup.
- Kelly, that's nice.
Okay?
- Um…
- Ah…
Kiana.
- Kiana?
- Yeah.
- That's not a name.
- Yes it is.
- You made it up.
- That's your friend...
No, it's your
friend from netball.
Kiana.
The tall one. Goal…goalkeeper.
Goal attack. GA.
Kiani.
Not Kiana, Kiani.
I've been calling her Kiana.
Oh, that's her…
that's the wrong name.
Why hasn't she said anything?
Who calls themself Kiani?
What does that mean?
Honey, you're such an asshole.
Why am I an asshole?
She's the one…
- This whole time?
- You'd think…
My name… Sorry, you've been
calling me the wrong name.
My name is Kiani.
You got any idea what you're
gonna say to these kids?
I got no idea.
Probably the same shit
you dribbled to me.
Yeah.
Just be honest, son.
No, we're all just men.
None of us is Superman.
We're not made of steel.
We're not invincible.
Just trying to walk a line
between courage and fear.
Pure courage is…
taking on a task that
you're ill equipped to do.
The job of the instructors here
is to equip you
for any situation
you find yourself in
the field of duty.
We minimise the fear by
the repetition of training.
Pure courage is minimised…
because it needs to be.
Because in the face of fear
your actions and decisions
can be compromised.
And you're in near
the end? Right?
- Right?
- Yeah.
Yeah.
That's good.
But we're still gonna push
you physically and mentally
harder than you ever
thought possible.
You just gotta keep your line.
You just gotta keep the line.
Just gotta try and
keep your line.
That's it.
Mate, are you right?
Ambulance. Yeah.
Just please don't go.
When then?
And just as a
final thought, Your Honour,
I'd ask you to take
into consideration
the upheaval this young man has
faced over the past seven years.
He's been to six schools.
Lived in Brisbane, Adelaide,
Perth and now here.
And what are the
reasons for that?
His father, Your Honour,
has had trouble finding
fulfilling employment
since leaving the army.
- Is your father here, son?
- Yes, Your Honour.
Mr Logan?
Yes, Your Honour?
So did you see active
service, Mr Logan?
Yes, Your Honour.
Well, I had an uncle in the
Army, served in Vietnam…
He…well, he struggled
in the years after.
I'm fine, Your Honour.
Now, hear me out, Mr Logan.
Now, look, I have read
over your son's offences.
Now this is the third time
that he's appeared here.
It was stealing, drug possession
and now destruction of property.
And all occasions he's been
picked up by the police
after some days
away from your care,
that being, he's run away.
And I also read here that
his mother passed away
eight years ago,
so it's only you?
Yes, Your Honour.
Mr Logan, I sympathise
with your situation.
I've seen your
struggle firsthand.
You're also a single parent,
but the situation
with your son is dire.
And by that, I mean, if he
appears before this court again,
he'll either be sent away
or taken from your care.
Now that's the process.
Do you understand
what I'm saying?
Yes, Your Honour.
And son, do you understand this?
Good. You're free
to go Mr Logan.
Thank you.
- Bow, bow.
Missed 10
days over one term.
Does that sound right?
Yeah.
Billy…
could you wait
outside for a moment?
Thank you.
Mr Logan, paying
the amount of money
that one does for
school like this
doesn't guarantee anything.
What do you mean?
What I'm saying is…
Billy could be just as well
suited to a good public school.
You don't want him.
It's not about what I want.
He doesn't seem to want
to be here. Does he?
Mr Logan…
you haven't paid
last term's fees.
All I'm saying is there
are good alternatives.
He might be happier
at a public school.
It might be better for
him and easier for you.
I'll make sure that I
pay what's outstanding.
And he won't miss
anymore school.
Hey, here he is!
You look thin.
- Do I?
- Yeah.
What have you done
to your fucking hair?
What you don't like this?
Well, it's good on you.
But I did try that, mate,
I looked like a fuckwit.
So you came home, eh, mate?
Yeah. Better job.
See her and, you
know, kid's in school.
They're buried here.
Well, it's really
good to see you, son.
Billy good?
How's Layla?
Na, she sort of cut me off.
She ended up fucking some
bloke she worked with.
Big fat cunt.
I followed him, he's
one of those guys
that gets all dressed up
in lycra to ride his bike
on a weekend.
I nearly run the fucker over.
- But you didn't?
- No I didn't, Corporal.
Your daughters… you
had two of them?
How are they doing?
Ah, they don't talk to me.
Sorry to hear that.
No, what can you do?
You know, I thought
about going back bush
there for a little while,
you know, going home.
Good idea. Why didn't ya?
Me mum and dad died and then…
there's no work.
Me brother and me sister,
you know, them they…
they fucked off, there's
just no one there I knew.
What about your boy?
How old's he now?
He's a teenager.
Fuck. What's he like?
Like a teenager.
Does he listen to you?
Nup, it's hard being a soldier,
when you're not a soldier.
No cunt will listen to you.
What are you doing for
work? What do you do?
I'm a sales rep.
Yeah…
what about you? You…
still doing the same thing?
It's what we're
good at, Corporal.
And I haven't got enough room in
my brain to learn other things.
One of the reasons I
want to see you, son.
Wanted to know if
you'd be interested
in doing something with me.
I need your help, son.
Alright.
So we can stop talking
this kind of shit now
and talk about stuff
that really matters?
Look, I need help.
One night, right?
In and out. Zero rounds.
That's it.
Just fucking think about it.
Stay with me, mate.
Mate, you gotta stay awake.
Hey buddy. You're doing well.
Yeah, his pressure's 80 over 30. His pulse's thready.
- We need to move quickly.
You can start
the transfusion.
What's the status of the baby?
You got shit in the
corner of your mouth.
What's that?
Nothing.
2009…
It is for drinkers who
enjoy rich, mouth-fill…
It's for drinkers who enjoy
a rich mouth-filling wine
with plenty of
fruit and flavour.
Hey mate. Hi, I'm Ryan
Logan, I work for Playfords.
I'm the new rep.
Just thought I'd come
by introduce myself
and get you to check
out some of the specials
we've got this month.
What happened to
the other bloke?
Um… I dunno. Um…
So we've got a
sauvignon blanc, right,
earthy tones, real
leathery on the palate.
Mate, you want to tell
me about the specials,
you call in make an
appointment, it's how we do it.
OK.
What's a good day that I
can make an appointment?
You make a phone call,
make an appointment.
And then we get there.
Is there someone else
I could talk to maybe?
Because, you know, we've
got some great tempranillos,
have you ever heard of
them... Just fuck off.
Um…
I'll just leave you with
this. Thank you for your time.
Now, you ever talk
to me that way again
I'll cut you so deep and so much
you'll need a fucking
team of dress makers
to put you back together,
do you understand?
Yeah.
This one time, we
had this Afghan,
we were interrogating him.
He was…Taliban.
You know what that is?
Yeah.
Anyway, we had to…
transport him to
another province,
so the Afghan
interpreter, he fucks off.
And I take the
cuffs off this fella
so I can take him
to the helicopter.
And gets his arms free…
and first thing he does
he goes for my rifle.
Fuck was I supposed to do?
Did he die?
Did my dad ever kill anyone?
Your dad was a sniper, son.
Hey…
Your dad's a fucking hero.
You understand?
Yeah.
Do you ever think about
the guy you killed?
Oh…
it's strange, you know, you…
you kill someone and…
after you wonder just how
the fuck your paths crossed,
you know?
How people get into situations
where someone's gonna die.
It's always someone
you've never known,
someone you don't know
a fucking thing about.
And that poor cunt had never
seen me before that day,
and I'm the one that
turned out his light.
Just like that.
Johnny. Corporal.
Hey.
Talking to your young fella,
mate. He's all grown up.
Yeah.
Here.
How'd you know where I lived?
I had you under surveillance.
You didn't give
him a beer did you?
- No.
- Good.
What do you want, Johnny?
You know what I want, mate.
Just want to have a chat.
He's a growing boy,
he's gotta eat.
How about I meet
you down the pub?
Yeah, yeah.
Hey…
really good to see
you again, son.
Yeah.
Should be proud, mate.
See you down there, brother.
What was he talking
to you about?
Nothin'.
He's just…
just telling me stories.
Yo. You alright?
Yeah, I'm good, son.
John, I'm gonna pass. I'm
not interested in this.
Whatever it is, you
know, it's not for me.
Yeah OK. No Drama.
OK.
Hey…
to be honest, I didn't expect
to hear that, Corporal.
You forgotten
about Tony McManus?
No.
And I did that
'cause I love you.
Because you're my brother
and you'd done the
same thing for me.
Wouldn't ya?
Son?
That felt good at the
bottle shop today, didn't it?
Who the fuck did he
think he was talking to?
He doesn't know you.
None of them do.
Every party he went
to. Rooting at 14.
- Your dad? What? No way.
- Yes.
- That's a lie. It's bullshit.
- You're full of shit.
No mate. Swear. Swear to god.
What the fuck do
you want, Logan?
My dad was in the SAS.
Sure. Bit of a badass is he?
He go to war and shit?
Yeah.
He kill people?
He was a sniper.
He's like a hero.
Says who?
The other soldiers.
Do you reckon you're some
type of hero as well?
No.
Lay off it, Jesse.
Do you wanna sit down?
Sit down.
Fuck alright. You
going to the party Friday?
- Yeah.
- Are you?
Yeah, let's go.
Anyone else coming you know?
Hmm few of those chicks
from friend group over the side
of the back of the
hall there are going.
Oh yeah,
yeah. They're alright.
You asked him.
And what do you do when
you don't have this?
Not much, just ride dirtbikes.
Same as always, Corporal.
Yes sir.
Ah fuck!
Stay there.
Sh sh. Hey hey.
You listen to me, you will
give me the fucking code.
You see these?
I don't get the code the next
one I'm not gonna fucking break,
mate, I'll cut that fucker off.
- OK. OK. OK. OK.
- Quietly cunt.
What's the code?
3-5-6-4-5-6.
Shh.
Sorry, Johnny.
Fuck, Ray.
Fuck. Bring him in.
Corporal, bring him in.
Corporal we don't have
fucking time, bring him in.
We have to go right fucking
now, so bring him inside.
Tell me that didn't feel good?
You must miss that, son?
Being a soldier.
Fucking IED.
That's it, you're out.
Now you said no rounds?
Fuck him. It was in his knee.
I heard two pops.
You're hearing things, Corporal.
Yeah, I don't really want to
know what it's all about, so…
Yeah, right.
When have you ever really known?
Missed you at Jacko's funeral.
I missed ya.
You ever thought
about doing that?
Billy.
Yeah.
Thank you for tonight, son.
Thank you.
He said you threatened
to cut him. Is that right?
Mate, you cannot be talking
to customers like that.
Can't be talking to
anyone like that.
Do you understand that?
Yes.
Can I ask exactly what prompted
you to say something like that?
It was just the way
that he spoke to me.
Like what?
Like, I was…
just a…
Yeah, I get it.
Yeah mate, I've gotta be honest,
I just didn't see this coming.
I mean, you haven't…
you haven't set the world
on fire with your numbers,
but your effort, mate, your
effort's been brilliant.
Now, look, the shop owner…
the shop owner will
accept an apology, right?
Can you do that? We apologise.
We put it down to having
a bad day and we move on.
Can you do that?
Yeah.
Yeah, I can apologise.
But what I can't do is promise
you that I won't do it again
if someone speaks
to me that way.
You can't speak to
people like that
with so fucking little respect.
I'm sorry, Ryan, I can't.
Can't risk it, mate.
Not after I've just warned
you, I'll end up without a job.
Sorry.
It's cool, man.
It's cool.
Thank you for the opportunity.
- What a bitch, bro.
- Shut up, Brad.
It's good, eh?
Want some?
I can't.
- Why can't you?
- 'Cause he's a fucking pussy.
Just do it.
Doesn't have to do it if
he doesn't want to, boys.
Shit, I'm sorry. Chill out.
Fuck, sorry, Brad.
Thank you.
For before.
Yeah, all good.
It's fine. They can be
dickheads sometimes.
You know, I've had it before.
Hm.
Been to court for it.
For real?
Yeah. Some other shit.
One more time and
I get taken away.
Taken away where?
Juvie, I guess.
Doesn't that scare ya?
Isn't juvie like…jail?
I don't know.
Isn't your dad SAS?
Wouldn't he be really strict?
He's pretty useless now.
Not like he used to be.
- Fuck.
What happened there?
Car accident.
That's gnarly.
- Sorry.
- Oh…you can touch it…
if you want.
Fucking weird eh?
Having a party at my old
man's house on Friday night.
He's away for the weekend.
You want to come?
Really?
Yeah, it'll be fun.
Bunch of drinks.
Different people. Girls.
It'll be mad.
What are you gonna do?
You're failing him.
- So how many is that?
- 8 or 9, I think.
Well mate, you're a
better man than me.
'Cause the last proper job I had
was selling fucking power tools.
It was fucking great.
Boss was a fuckwit wouldn't
look me in the eye.
Told me I had to
wear an eye patch.
Like a fucking pirate.
Yeah, like a fucking pirate.
So I knocked that cunt
out at Christmas party
and was fucking dismissed.
You know, if you've got anything
that I can help you with, sir,
it'd be great.
I got some money, that's
Billy's for his school,
I can't touch it, but I
just need a little bit
for the normal civilian shit.
And I don't think my
pension's gonna cut it
and I'm certainly
not gonna win it
off a 10 to 1 beef rocket, am I?
Son, you don't have to
explain anything to me.
Yeah, but I… it's a bit
embarrassing asking.
I got something for you.
I've got something you
can keep an eye on for me.
- Twitchy fucker I don 't trust.
- You don't trust many people.
I trust you, son.
So yeah, if you
want it, it's yours.
You going hunting?
Do you want to go hunting?
You know, with me, like before.
Do you remember how
to sight a rifle?
Kind of.
Go on then.
- Dad?
- Mm-hm?
Can I go out tonight?
Where?
A house.
Who with?
Friends from school.
You gonna come back?
Yeah, I promise.
OK.
Thanks.
But thank you for asking me.
Oi Jesse,
skull it you dog!
Go on.
Go Jesse.
Logan and Brad.
3-2-1.
Logan's got a squirter!
- You cheated, bro.
- Fuck off.
That's what I do cunt. Fuck off.
Good on you brother.
I'm just saying, whoever done
this were trained like you.
I mean, boys said it was
like two fucking ninjas
come through the joint.
And you know, Ray.
No. You know fucking Ray.
Alright, if you say so.
Right, well he copped it. Dead.
That's no fucking
good is it… Ned?
Boys said the door were locked
too, so someone's picked that.
Look, I'm just wondering…
if you know anyone else
out there in the game,
that's got the same
skill set as you?
I mean, it could have been you.
You've been there before,
you know what's in there.
Maybe you swiped the keys.
We're not saying that, John.
Man, that's exactly
what I'm fucking saying.
Listen… I didn't
fucking take anything.
I didn't go into your
fucking apartment,
I didn't open any fucking safe,
I didn't pick any fucking lock.
I work for you.
Last I checked.
Come on, Ned, are you
gonna trust this cunt?
Fucking look at him!
Mate, I am telling you.
Mate, I'm having a chat, right?
I never liked Johnny. I never
fucking liked ya Johnny.
- Fuck...
- We're having a beer.
We're having a chat,
alright? Just relax.
Fucking relaxed.
This is me relaxed.
What are you doing?
This is how
you're taking care of it?
Oh!
I'm driving.
Bullshit, Jesse,
you had your turn.
Why the fuck do
you get to decide?
It's my dad's car.
Are you up for it, Logan?
Don't be a soft cock now, Logan.
- Get the fuck in the car.
- What are you scared of mate?
- Come on.
- Everyone's had their go.
Get in the car.
- Yeah, come on mate.
- Don't be a pussy.
Get in there, mate!
Please don't say anything.
Oh Billy.
Slow down. Where are you?
You OK?
Yeah.
What are you gonna do?
Are you gonna go to the cops?
Dad's fucking gonna kill me.
Look at it, it's fucked.
I'm sorry.
We're in so much shit.
It's fine, we were
just passengers.
Billy was driving.
Sit down.
- Did anyone see you?
- No.
No one came by?
- No? Whose car is it?
- It's my dad's car.
Anyone know you got it?
Who was drinking?
Were you drinking?
I was drinking, Dad.
Get in the car.
Billy! Unlock the door!
Billy!
Open the door!
- No!
- Open the door now!
Fuck off!
Hey.
Hey. Look at me. Look at me.
OK.
Yeah, mate,
yeah. About seven.
Righto.
- Can I help you?
- I'm Ryan Logan, Billy's dad.
Right.
You better come in then.
You were in the army
my son tells me?
- Yeah.
- You serve in Iraq?
Yeah.
Well, we shouldn't have
fucking been there, should we?
So, where's my car?
I burned it.
I beg your pardon?
I burned it, it was a write-off.
Figured you'd have insurance.
So you want me to say it
was stolen and then torched?
Do you know what I do
for a living, soldier?
I'm a solicitor.
Principal at a law firm.
Very fucking prestigious one.
Do you have any idea
what would happen
if I made a false
insurance claim
like the one you've
set me up to make?
And upon the mandatory
investigation of the claim,
it was found to be fraudulent…
I could go to jail.
At the very least I wouldn't
be practicing law ever again.
My son said your boy's
a fucking ratbag.
OK.
He's already been in
trouble with the cops.
Yeah.
Your boy…
he was pissed.
They were all drinking.
Yeah, they might
have been drinking,
but they didn't get behind
the fucking wheel of a car,
did they?
My car.
Yeah.
You need this to go away?
Please.
Sorry, I can't help you.
To claim on my insurance,
I need to be honest.
But here's some free counsel.
As far as the fire goes,
I'd let that fall on
your son's shoulders.
Sounds like he's in
enough trouble already.
And there's no upside in
you admitting to that.
OK, so the police are
gonna be involved?
Of course.
What if I pay for the car?
Do you know what a car
like that is worth?
I'll get you the money and
then you just leave it alone.
Yeah?
You get me the money,
we'll see what we'll see.
In the meantime, tell your
boy to find some new friends.
I don't need my son hanging
around with trouble.
Just give me a couple of days.
Thank you for your time.
Hey. Hey, come here, son.
Alright, just take a breath.
Look at me. Just take a
breath, you'll be alright.
- OK?
- Yep.
I got you. You understand?
Mr Logan.
Yeah?
Mr Logan, your wife and your son
are both in the RH
null blood group.
There's no RH antigens.
Yeah, that's right.
So you're aware of what
the problems with that are?
Yeah, they give
blood all the time.
They have to. It's here.
So there's not enough blood.
There's some on the way, but
we don't have enough time.
They're both bleeding internally
and your son has
ruptured his spleen.
Your wife…
she's lost the baby.
OK.
And she has severe
head injuries.
She's bleeding from her
liver from her entire gut.
Do you understand
what I'm saying?
Yeah, well, give them the
blood. How is the baby?
The baby's died. OK?
So there's not enough
blood for both of them.
Do you understand what
I'm saying to you?
Yep.
OK.
Dad?
Yeah.
- I'm finished.
- Good to go?
Yeah.
It's Mum who you
talk to, isn't it?
Wish I could talk to her.
I miss her.
I gotta find another
place to drink,
every fucker looking at me
like I've got three heads.
I need more money, John.
Alright, son, whatever
I can help you with.
It's not a small amount.
- How much?
- Couple hundred thousand.
I don't even know if
I can pay you back.
It was something Billy
did and I need to…
Sh sh sh.
Hey, I don't need to know.
Corporal…
there's a way to get this done.
But you have to
engage. You understand?
So you let me know, son.
I'm here.
Let's get it done.
Yeah.
Yeah?
There he is.
Boys.
Search him.
- Let me.
- Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Mate, I haven't got anything.
Look, nothing.
Nothing here.
Nothing.
Johnny, can you do
us a favour mate?
Please explain to us,
please, why the fuck?!
Are you stupid, man?
Are you slow in the head?
No.
Because I could.
That's it.
That's your fucking
answer? 'Cause you could?
What do you want me to say?
Because it's dirty money?
'Cause you're drug dealers?
I don't give a fuck
about any of that.
See, I don't have a
moral compass left.
Like I said…
I did it because I could.
Because I am very capable.
Because it was fun.
And 'cause you're
both fucking useless.
Whoa, whoa.
We're not that fucking
useless, Johnny.
We figured it out it was you.
Mm genius.
Yeah, I fucking am.
Now where is it?
- Johnny, where is it?
- It's in the back.
Ned?
Done it this time,
didn't you Johnny? Hm?
We good?
Ned, we good?!
No, we're not fucking
good. It's not here!
You fucking dog cunt!
Come on then!
Oh shit!
- Go! Sniper on the hill!
- What?
Sniper. Fuck!
Fuck!
Please. Please.
You can go home, Corporal.
I'll complete here.
You did good, son.
You're a soldier.
You did what you had
to do, you mopped up.
Just go home, mate.
Hey.
It's not safe anymore.
It's time to go.
We have to
move away from here.
I won't do anything
like that again, I promise.
It's not that.
I'm sorry.
I won't run away ever again.
I just want to stay here.
These boys, they're
not your friends.
Dad, they're the only
friends I've had.
I'm sorry, Billy.
- Yeah, you're sorry?
- Yeah.
No, you're not. You think
this is my fault don't you?
Yeah, yeah, my fault
you left the Army,
my fault you can't hold
down a fucking job!
You had to leave the
Army to look after me!
Who else was gonna take
care of me? Mum was gone!
Please don't…
And that's my fault, too.
And you wish she was
still here and not me!
You want to know why I run away?
Because you don't
fucking want me, Dad!
Don't say that!
Don't you say that!
I'm sorry.
Get out!
Get out of my fucking room, Dad!
Her brain?
We can't possibly tell the
outcome of her injuries.
My boy?
His head is fine.
But he's bleeding internally.
Mr Logan?
You need to make a decision.
Fuck!
Turn the car off.
What the fuck do you
think you're doing?
Turn off the car.
In the glove box…
It's all there.
Don't think this is a tab
that keeps on running.
It stops now.
You have a son.
Just think what you
would do for him.
Don't test me.
Jesus fucking Christ.
We've reviewed the CCTV
footage from a traffic lights
and run diagnostics
at the scene.
The other driver, he crossed
through an intersection
on a red light and the
impact was at high speed.
The driver, we tested
his blood alcohol level.
He was over the limit.
I'm sorry.
Fuck!
I'm sorry!
♪ Standing on the outside ♪
♪ I don't know
where I'm going to ♪
♪ But I do know just one thing ♪
♪ And that is it's
over With you ♪
Whoo!
♪ I've been very lonely ♪
♪ I did not think
I could go on ♪
♪ I was caught in memories ♪
♪ And dreams I should have won ♪
Whoo! ♪ Blind
Freddy knew that ♪
♪ A blind man could see ♪
♪ I was in love with you ♪
♪ But you weren't
in love with me ♪
♪ Suppose I'll have to keep it ♪
♪ Keep it inside ♪
♪ I don't know why ♪
♪ Well I know… ♪
♪ But baby it helps if I cry ♪
♪ I was in love with you… ♪
Come on cunt.
Who the fuck are you?
♪ So now I'm standing
on the outside ♪
♪ I don't know
where I'm going to ♪
♪ But I do know
Just one thing… ♪
♪ And that is it's
over With you ♪
♪ Blind Freddy knew that ♪
♪ A blind man could see ♪
♪ I was in love with
you (in love with you) ♪
♪ But you weren't in... ♪
Where's your dad, mate? I
just need to talk to your dad.
Where's your dad?
Where'd he fucking go?
- He was here.
- Where's your dad!
Son, where is he?
I just need to talk to
your dad. Where is he?
Billy! Billy!
Billy, you OK?
Sorry.
He's OK. He's alright.
Get in the room.
What's going on?
They sent a merc for me.
- Close the door, Billy.
Some merc.
He's…he's alright.
He's alright.
That's a problem.
What exactly have
you got me into?
- You didn't want to know.
- Well, now I fucking do!
The fucking safe job, right?
The money we took, alright?
And now, for whatever fucking
reason, more people know.
They know. How
many people know?
I don't know, Corporal.
More than we took care of.
Took care of them?
I took care of them.
You told me that
you had the money.
I did have the money.
You came to me.
You came to me for money.
Right, I had the money.
I gave you the money.
Alright, I take them out
and it all goes away.
That's what happened.
Alright, it's not
a fucking problem.
We do the same as we've
always done, mate,
We lure them in and we shoot.
I'll get rid of all of them.
We get rid of all of them.
Easy.
Corporal, there's no other way,
mate, there's no other way.
They sent… Look at me!
I got fucking stabbed!
Please?
I had to fucking kill someone.
Some cunts fucking dead in
my fucking house, please?
There's no other way.
Sh sh sh.
Get out, you're on your own.
You owe me!
For what I did!
- You owe me!
- Fucking what?
I don't owe you shit.
I never asked you to do that!
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, brother.
I'm so sorry.
I'm sorry.
Sorry.
Alright. Alright. Shh.
Come on. Come here.
It's gonna be OK.
I'm sorry.
Get back in the room!
What are we doing?
Johnny…
Stop it Johnny.
You're finished.
It looks beautiful.
Thank you, Dad.
For what?
The sandwich.
Come on.
- Alright, you good?
- Yeah.
You want to sit between my legs?
Alright.
Come on. Come on.
Check your mirror.
Easy on the clutch.
Yeah.
Go on.